Custom domain on Skiff Mail's free plan (#2242)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/email.md

#### :material-check:{ .pg-green } Custom Domains and Aliases

> You can create up to 3 additional @skiff.com email aliases in addition to your primary account address on their free plan. Free accounts can add one [Custom domain](https://skiff.com/blog/custom-domain-setup) with unlimited aliases while their Paid plans include upto 15 Custom domains with [catch-all](https://skiff.com/blog/catch-all-email-alias) addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create up to 3 additional @skiff.com email aliases in addition to your primary account address on their free plan. Free accounts can add 1 [custom domain](https://skiff.com/blog/custom-domain-setup), and up to 15 custom domains on a paid plan. You can create unlimited aliases or a [catch-all](https://skiff.com/blog/catch-all-email-alias) alias on your custom domain.
```
